GH-647 Add instruction for EternalCoreAPI to readme (#648)
EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore: README.md

- :rainbow: Adventure and [MiniMessage](https://docs.advntr.dev/minimessage/format.html) integration with legacy color processing (e.g., &7, &e)
- [...and much more!](https://docs.eternalcode.pl/eternalcore/features.html)

## :construction_worker: Developer API

> To use EternalCore API, you firstly need to add EternalCode to your project. To do that follow these steps:
> You can check latest release number [here](github.com/EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore/releases/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use EternalCore API, you first need to add EternalCode to your project. To do that follow these steps:
You can check the latest release number [here](github.com/EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore/releases/latest).
```

1. Add repository:

For Gradle projects use:
```groovy
maven {
    url = uri("https://repo.eternalcode.pl/releases")
}
```

For Maven projects use:
```xml
<repository>
    <id>eternalcode-reposilite-releases</id>
    <name>EternalCode Repository</name>
    <url>https://repo.eternalcode.pl/releases</url>
</repository>
```

2. Add dependency:

For Gradle projects use:

> ```groovy
> compileOnly("com.eternalcode:eternalcore-api:1.1.0")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```kts
compileOnly("com.eternalcode:eternalcore-api:1.1.0")
```
